Co/datastax redo (#2636)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/mesosphere/dcos/services/dse/3.1.0-6.7.6/updates/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Updating 
excerpt: Updating DSE
title: Updating 
menuWeight: 40
model: /mesosphere/dcos/services/dse/data.yml
render: mustache
---

<!-- #include /mesosphere/dcos/services/include/update.tmpl -->

# Upgrading your cluster from {{ model.techShortName }} 5.1.10 to 6.7.6
Due to the complexity of upgrading to {{ model.techShortName }} 6.7, we strongly advise that you attempt the upgrade on a test cluster before upgrading in your production environment. 

Also we advise that you upgrade 5.1.10 directly to 6.7.6, skipping 6.7.2, as it has a problem in upgrading when TLS is enabled. 

<p class="message--important"><strong>IMPORTANT: </strong> 
<ul>
<li>This action cannot be undone and you should plan for increased load activity on your cluster. This task should be scheduled for off-peak hours. Should any problems arise, <tt>pause</tt> the plan and investigate.</li>

> <li>Value of one of the properties <tt>dse_search</tt> or <tt>dse_analytics</tt> should be set to <tt>true</tt> before upgrading due to some limitation, later it can be set as needed. </li>

Reviewer: > due to some limitation

what limitation?

Reviewer 2: that's the issue when we are trying to upgrade sdk 42 to 57, these values changes are not acceptable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>You must set properties <tt>dse_search</tt> and <tt>dse_analytics</tt> to <tt>true</tt> before upgrading. Afterward, you can reset the configs to the desired value.</li>
```

> <li>Upgrade will not work on DC/OS 2.0.0 becasue of a bug, please use latest DC/OS 2.x.x instead.</li>

Reviewer: > becasue of a bug

because of what bug? This is very ambiguous to a user

>  please use latest DC/OS 2.x.x instead.</li>

what version should they use? Do we have a DCOS 2.0.1 yet? This message is not clear to a user. If the upgrade doesn't work on DCOS 2.0.0 yet, then I'd suggest simply stating that. And when we release a version that it _does_ work on, then come back and update this doc.

Reviewer 2: ok should I mention about the bug?
yes we have DCOS 2.0.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>Due to a bug in DC/OS 2.0.0, upgrading DSE to 6.7.6 will not work. Instead, please upgrade DC/OS to 2.0.1 and then upgrade DSE to 6.7.6.</li>
```
Okay how about this?
